h1. Flexi Generators

My Rails generator scripts (basead on nifty generators). Generate custom controllers, views, layouts and stylesheets with:

* Login layout
* App layout
* Menus with Tab Helper plugin 
* Controllers and views generated with Resource Controller plugin

h2. Included Generators

* flexi_layout: generates generic layout, stylesheet, and helper files.
* flexi_scaffold: generates a controller and optional model/migration.
* flexi_authentication: generates user model with sign up and log in.

h2. Instalation

<pre>ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/leandroo/flexi_generators.git</pre>

h2. Dependencies

Install Tabs Helper plugin:
<pre>ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/danielvlopes/tabs_helper.git</pre>

Install Resource Controller plugin:
<pre>ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/giraffesoft/resource_controller.git</pre>

Install Will Paginate plugin/Gem:
<pre>ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/mislav/will_paginate.git</pre> or <pre>gem install will_paginate</pre>

and configure your environment.rb

h2. Usage

<pre>
ruby script/generate flexi_layout
...
ruby script/generate flexi_authentication
...
ruby script/generate flexi_scaffold Post title:string body:text index new
</pre>

h2. TODO

Tests, tests, tests.

h2. Autor

*Leandro de Oliveira*

Blog: "http://leandroo.com.br":http://leandroo.com.br
Github: "http://github.com/leandroo":http://github.com/leandroo

Copyright (c) 2009 Leandro de Oliveira, released under the MIT license